Feature/core 892 add identity owner mapping (#64)
evannetwork/api-blockchain-core: docs/profile/verifications.rst

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

.. _verifications_getOwnerAddressForIdentity:

getOwnerAddressForIdentity
================================================================================

.. code-block:: typescript

  verifications.getOwnerAddressForIdentity(identityAddress);

> Gets the identity contract for a given account id or contract.

Reviewer: Should we update description due to logic changes?
```suggestion
Gets an identity's owner's address. This can be either an account or an identity address.
```
